I do have a couple of issues with Cindi May’s arguments as well as the studies they cited. The Hussman-O’Loughlin study seemed more concerned with whether struggling students were willing to change their study methods than if they did better after they changed them. It would make sense that students who were already using strategies that aligned with their VARK scores didn’t experience a change in their performances because they didn’t change their practices. As the cited University of California review asserted, students would need to be separated into groups that align with their VARK scores (Group 1: V, Group 2: A, etc.). Each group would need to be divided into four categories, and each category would be given study materials that compliment a different VARK style (Group 1A: V. Group 1B: A. Group 1C: R. Group 1D: K. etc.). Ensuring that students actually used the given VARK methods would give us a more reliable idea as to whether students do better when using their respective VARK methods.
        Another problem I have is that May doesn’t define “performance” or what it means to “perform better” in a classroom setting. Does this refer to test scores? If so, it’s important to note that test scores often aren’t a reliable measure of intelligence. And in any case, ‘intelligence’ is a relative concept. One can be emotionally intelligent, technologically intelligent, analytically intelligent, and so on. Success in the classroom goes beyond a student’s ability to memorize a concept and use it on a test. Success also has to do with the student’s relationship to the material. Regardless of test scores and grades, a classroom where a student enjoys learning is more successful than a classroom where a student hates it. Listening to audiobooks is easier for me than reading texts. I don’t score any better academically when listening to an audiobook, but I’m less burnt-out and I enjoy engaging with the content more. Allowing room for students to engage with materials in a manner that they enjoy is an important step toward academic sustainability.
        This article also doesn’t discuss folks with learning disabilities. According to the NCTE, engagement and motivation are directly linked to confidence. It’s likely that a person with dyslexia is going to be less confident in textual reading than a person without dyslexia, and as a result, they’ll likely be less motivated to engage with written texts. They may engage with an aural text more easily, feel less judgment because of it, and be more motivated to read (aurally or textually) in the future. Similarly, a person with dysgraphia may feel self-conscious when they have to write an assignment. They may feel more comfortable speaking an assignment, and therefore more confident about doing it in the future. 

(https://ncte.org/statement/adolescentliteracy/) 