What Pausch said regarding the brick wall really resonated with me. When I was in high school, I often thought that making it to graduation was like sitting under a waterfall of bricks, or trying to walk face-first through a brick wall. The days were long and dreadful and I had no way of speeding things up, so all I could do was sit and wait until it was over. Push against the wall until it gave way. The idea that brick walls let us prove how badly we want things is interesting. If someone had said something like that to me back then, I don’t think it would’ve helped me cope with the things that I was wrestling with. Timing was important. I needed some professional help and some major life changes, but most of the adults in my life were giving me inspirational stories and mantras. Those adults and their inspirational slogans made me think I was supposed to be enjoying school. I wasn’t, but I wanted to be. I thought the reason I wanted to enjoy it was to please them, so I stuck with it. 
        Since then, I’ve changed and I’ve gained experience. Perspective is a matter of experience. Or rather, perspective is a matter of hindsight. A few years of reflection led me to identify the things I needed to change in order to be a happier, healthier person. I realized that in order to enjoy the things I wanted to enjoy — reading, writing, analysis, learning — I needed to do them for myself, not for teachers, coaches, or administrators. So I was in a vastly different place when I hit my next brick wall. I was in danger of giving up on my classes when I remembered that the things I enjoyed were still there — the writing, the thinking — and I could have them if I wanted them. I was angry, because I was letting stubborn professors and hustle culture take the joy from me. I was only able to reframe my situation like this because I’d lived through something similar beforehand — not because an administrator showed me a video about how Michael Jordan wasn’t allowed on the varsity team as a freshman or because a teacher told me to have a growth mindset. I needed to learn it for myself.
        Looking back on it, I can see how getting past that second brick wall was a sign of how badly I wanted to pursue what made me happy. It’s not the way I looked at it in the moment, and it’s not like I looked at it and said to myself, “Oh boy, I’m going to prove that I want this so bad,” but I think the whole thing could be proof that I was committed to bettering myself. The next time I hit a brick wall, I don’t think I’ll tackle it because I have something to prove, but the underlying sentiment will be there in retrospect.